hi guys this is me and today I'm gonna
be showing you some of my customs they
were doing customs of me so this is the
first one it's Bo Dallas I made a custom
bo Dallas that's his head
it was an Alberto Del Rio everybody and
I just made the hair with clay and
painted it black and with they means
sandal shoes and then the rest I just
painted my next ones I've got the cut
custom st. the ascension so yes
Konnor and Viktor and yeah yeah
it's
and then the back next I got custom
corporate Kane so I just painted legs
all black and then I changed his head to
and Jax Kane Jax freakin head so that's
the front and that's the back and
accidentally broke the legs a bit so
that's me there my next one is
Stardust's which I've already made a
video um of him but yeah I paint I just
got Cody Rhodes and then just painted
him gold and black but the stars on
where they put um the gloves bit but
that one snapped off so I'm gonna soon
get some superglue to get that back on
and yeah that's the but I didn't do the
Stardust bit the back because that well
but sorry and then that's the front my
next one Seth Rollins and I've I've also
done a video on him as well so you can
check that one out but I made the hair
of clay and then I used a Dean Ambrose
buddy but and the shield one they'll eat
one and then I just cut off the vest
thing yeah so there's the gloves so
that's the back
that's the back with the tattoo and then
that's the phone and that now I've got
Sami Zayn custom and I'm a a put a beard
this was a Zack Ryder and I just put a
bead on him and paint him yeah
and painted one of the uber black pack
wonderfully elbow pads red so yeah and
all I did for bad news Barrett was I
just plays beard on him because the one
I had two didn't have a beard it was
because it was the old version of him
and then I just I need the try the pants
like black and this is my custom damien
mizdow and I just I had a normal day me
mister the dynamic damien sandow body
and then I had CM Punk's an old CM Punk
and like boots and yeah and his knee
pads too and I paint I painted the rest
blank so that's the front and then
that's them my next custom and Stan
custom Daniel Bryan all I did for this
one was I put in his beard on and his
long hair because the one I had yet that
he was the old version of short hair and
a small beard so I just added that on me
some play this one clay and that's where
his face looks like in front and that's
from the back next custom is a custom
Adrian Neville I used Matt Hardy and
Jack's head and a Jackson Triple H was a
Randy on I think it was Triple H and
Buddy
and then I just painted it the colors
they're fun and that's the book next
I've got them custom Tyson Kidd because
I didn't have I didn't actually have one
of them so I just so the head isn't
actually Tyson Kidd he's Randy Orton so
it doesn't really aren't old Randy Orton
so it doesn't really look like him but I
used some clay for the head and then
just painted it and painted the rest of
the body so that's the front and that's
the back and my last one is custom is
just with the black attire I made to go
with me style and I just painted I just
used a pen black fan and I colored all
of that so around the colored round or
the silver bits yeah so that's the boobs
there there you go